docs: analyze memory quota (#8778)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `00:00 +0000`
- This variable is used to restrict the time window that the automatic update of statistics is permitted. For example, to only allow automatic statistics updates between 1 AM and 3 AM, set `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time='01:00 +0000'` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time='03:00 +0000'`.

> ### `tidb_mem_quota_analyze` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>

Reviewer: 变量尽量按照字母顺序排列

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `0`
- Unit: Bytes

> - This variable controls the maximum memory usage when TiDB updates statistics, including manually executed [`ANALYZE TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-analyze-table.md) by users and automatic analyze tasks in the TiDB background. When the total memory usage exceeds this threshold, manually executed `ANALYZE` will terminate and an error message will prompt the user to try a lower sampling rate or retry later. If the automatic task in the TiDB background exits due to memory exceeding, and the sampling rate used is higher than the default value, it will retry once using the default sampling rate. When the variable is negative or zero, TiDB does not limit the memory usage of both user use and TiDB background automatic analyze task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the maximum memory usage of updating statistics. Such a memory usage occurs when you manually execute [`ANALYZE TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-analyze-table.md) and when TiDB automatically analyzes tasks in the background. When the total memory usage exceeds this threshold, user-executed `ANALYZE` will exit, and an error message is reported that reminds you to try a lower sampling rate or retry later. If the automatic task in the TiDB background exits because the memory threshold is exceeded, and the sampling rate used is higher than the default value, TiDB will retry the update using the default sampling rate. When this variable value is negative or zero, TiDB does not limit the memory usage of both the manual and automatic update tasks.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > The TiDB Cluster will trigger `auto_analyze` only if the `run-auto-analyze` is enabled in the TiDB startup configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `auto_analyze` will be triggered in a TiDB cluster only when `run-auto-analyze` is enabled in the TiDB startup configuration file.
```

- The default value is `CANCEL`, but in TiDB v4.0.2 and earlier versions, the default value is `LOG`.
- This setting was previously a `tidb.toml` option (`oom-action`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB v6.1.0.

### tidb_mem_quota_analyze <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>

> > Currently, the ANALYZE memory quota is an experimental feature, and the memory statistics might be incorrect in production environment.

Author: ```suggestion
> Currently, the ANALYZE memory quota is an experimental feature, and the memory statistics might be incorrect in production environments.
```

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `0`
- Unit: Bytes

> - This variable controls the maximum memory usage of updating statistics. Such a memory usage occurs when you manually execute [`ANALYZE TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-analyze-table.md) and when TiDB automatically analyzes tasks in the background. When the total memory usage exceeds this threshold, user-executed `ANALYZE` will exit, and an error message is reported that reminds you to try a lower sampling rate or retry later. If the automatic task in the TiDB background exits because the memory threshold is exceeded, and the sampling rate used is higher than the default value, TiDB will retry the update using the default sampling rate. When this variable value is negative or zero, TiDB does not limit the memory usage of both the manual and automatic update tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the maximum memory usage of TiDB updating statistics. Such a memory usage occurs when you manually execute [`ANALYZE TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-analyze-table.md) and when TiDB automatically analyzes tasks in the background. When the total memory usage exceeds this threshold, user-executed `ANALYZE` will exit, and an error message is reported that reminds you to try a lower sampling rate or retry later. If the automatic task in the TiDB background exits because the memory threshold is exceeded, and the sampling rate used is higher than the default value, TiDB will retry the update using the default sampling rate. When this variable value is negative or zero, TiDB does not limit the memory usage of both the manual and automatic update tasks.
```
